README.md, before:

# Hello 👋, I’m Brad B😎.
- 👀 I’m interested in web and mobile app development using Ruby on rails, Desktop apps with C#.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Javascripts and some of it's frameworks (ReactJs and NodeJs)
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on e-learning platform
- 📫 How to reach me 
- ⚡ I am getting into JavaScript Libraries like NextJS and TypeScript.
- ❤️ I’m passionate about Innovation and I love Anime, travelling, and video gaming as well.
- 💬 Ask me about anything productive.
- 📫 Let's connect: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mbianou-bradon/) and on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Mbianou_Bradon).
- 😄 Pronouns: I go by He/Him.
- ⚡ Fact about me: I am from Human science 👨‍🦱 background and had a Bsc. Biochemistry 🥰. Wrote my first line of code in 2020 🤭. 

<!---
mbianou-bradon/mbianou-bradon is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Added Stats Card and Language card

README.md, after:

# Hello 👋, I’m Brad B😎.
- 👀 I’m interested in web and mobile app development using Ruby on rails, Desktop apps with C#.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Javascripts and some of it's frameworks (ReactJs and NodeJs)
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on e-learning platform
- ⚡ I am getting into JavaScript Libraries like NextJS and TypeScript.
- ❤️ I’m passionate about Innovation and I love Anime, travelling, and video gaming as well.
- 💬 Ask me about anything productive.
- 📫 Let's connect: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mbianou-bradon/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Mbianou_Bradon), and on [Whatsapp](https://wa.me/message/TYNHKJ37CIGDI1).
- 😄 Pronouns: I go by He/Him.
- ⚡ Fact about me: I am from Human science 👨‍🦱 background and had a Bsc. Biochemistry 🥰. Wrote my first line of code in 2020 🤭. 


<!-- -->

![Github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mbianou-bradon&theme=dracula&show_icons=true&count_private=true)


<!-- Most Used Language-->
![Top Languages Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mbianou-bradon&layout=compact&theme=dracula)



<!---
mbianou-bradon/mbianou-bradon is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
